Medusa Images

The medusa images are required for testing.  They are generated by Vagrant using Puppet
to install the requirements and perform initial configuration steps.  Those steps include:

 Creating an OS image suitable for uploading to Glance
 Creating SSH keys and configuring master/slave hosts to authenticate to each other
 installing the necessary software and utilities to run tests

Reuirements:

To generate Medusa machine images you will need the following installed on the machine you will
use to create them:

 Puppet (Provisioner)
 Vagrant (VM Creator)
 Virtualbox/KVM/Qemulator/etc. (Virtualization Platform,) currently on Virtualbox is supported
 qemu-image (Image management utilities for image format conversion)

Installation:

1. Execute the following from the command prompt to configure the "floating IP address you intend to use:

# set-master-address.sh


2. Once the public/floating address has been set you may generate your machine images.

# create-images.sh

 This script performs the following actions:

 Creates instance SSH keys and loads them to puppet files directories
 Creates instances using the included Vagrant files
 (pending option) Allows the user to source an Openstack RC file and upload the images (future feature)

Images will be generated using the following Vagrant OS versions:

  - Server:  Ubuntu 15.04 64 bit ubuntu/vivid64
  - Slave:   Ubuntu 15.04 64 bit ubuntu/vivid64 - pending creation of minimal Atlas images (Packer is hard...)

3.  Upload the new images to your cloud (Pending.)  If you choose to manually upload the images
due to access or topology restrictions you may do so. The automated uploader will give 
you the option to specify an Openstack RC file and handle to upload for you after the 
images have been generated.  If you choose to upload them manually they will be located 
in the current directory.

NOTE:  The BZR Launchpad repo is very slow for branch and checkout operations.  Future editions will provide a
Debian package using this repo as a PPA with Github providing the primary code repository.  The result of this 
slowdown is that the repo checkout operation fails during puppet runs periodically.  A patch script is supplied 
at /opt/repair-on-fail.sh.




